"Candy"
(Episode 7: Wen Nuannuan Looks Back)
Get in.
You just won't leave me alone.
With all this going on,
you're still out racing?
Si Han, listen to me.
Nuannuan leaked our secret.
It wasn't her.
What do you mean?
What do we do, Si Han?
[Long time no see, Wen Nuannuan, I see you're
back together with Lin Can, that's great.]
Should we tell Lin Can?
Let's not tell Lin Can yet.
You know her temper.
She'd do something drastic.
Don't provoke Shen Hao either.
Keep the evidence for now.
Keep me posted on anything.
Okay.
This Wen Nuannuan...
just same as before.
Keeps everything bottled up.
Alright,
don't blame her.
Shen Hao...
is probably making his move.
Find Nuannuan first.
Where were you just now?
I...
I went to the police station.
What?
In trouble?
I was supposed to pick up your mother.
But when I got there,
someone else had already bailed her out.
Shen Hao's people, probably.
I told you,
that woman has nothing to do with me.
She deserves
everything that's happening to her.
Listen to you.
Instead of wasting time,
why not help me find Nuannuan?
Don't panic.
Shen Hao taking her now is suspicious.
He might use your mother-daughter
relationship against you.
Let them.
I'm already this tarnished.
What's there to be afraid of?
You've changed.
What do you mean?
The scandal's been trending all day.
Shen Hao's plotting behind your back.
Before,
you'd have exploded.
But now,
none of it
seems to matter to you.
I have more important things now.
The entertainment industry is just
a game of fame and fortune.
Well,
I'm tired of playing.
Let them have their fun.
Si Han...
Do you think Wen Nuannuan
put a spell on me?
What nonsense are you talking now?
I can't stop thinking about her.
I just want to find her,
take her home with me.
But this city is so big.
If Nuannuan really wants to hide,
and ignores your calls,
how will you find her?
I'm going.
Where are you going?
I already know where she is.
Do you need help...?
Wen Nuannuan,
just you wait.
Chatting with Lin Can again?
For so long?
You...
Alright, alright.
I won't ask.
Get in.
Coming.
From now on, only I get to sit here.
Got it?
Not necessarily.
In the future,
I'll be meeting
lots of beauties.
No way.
I'm the only one qualified for this seat.
What are you doing?
Leaving my mark.
So everyone knows
you're mine.
Alright, alright.
Can we go now?
I knew you cared about me.
You're my little princess, after all.
Miss Jiang,
don't get drunk again tonight.
I still haven't settled the bill for you
vomiting on my new carpet last time.
Relax.
I won't get drunk today.
No one's coming to pick me up today.
From now on,
no one will.
Jiang Wan.
How foolish I was.
These actresses really
know how to have fun.
Getting involved with her female assistant.
Totally.
What a waste of a pretty face.
She'd be better off with me.
Shut your mouth!
So annoying!
Who do you think you are?
None of your business!
She looks like that actress...
Jiang Wan?
I think it's her.
Goddess!
Can I take a photo with you?
Sorry,
now's not a great time.
Just one picture?
I'm your biggest fan.
Do me a favor?
Just an actress,
don't play hard to get.
[Shen Hao... in his hands...]
[To Si Han: Shen Hao has evidence, he got it from
Lin Can's mom, he'll post it tomorrow, watch out.]
Wait for me.
Lin Can.
Does it still hurt?
Still there.
Still mad at me?
[Negative news item about
Lin Can and her behaviour]
Lin Can, I'm sorry.
I really didn't post that on Weibo.
But I can't drag you down either.
Xiao He...
Hello?
Wen Nuannuan,
you've got guts.
Hitting people and running away.
Stop looking for me.
You think hiding
means I can't find you?
You don't even believe me anymore.
Why bother looking for me?
Wen Nuannuan,
turn around.
Lin Can!
How did you find me?
Silly.
How could I not find you?
Lin Can...
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
It's all my fault.
Si Han told me everything.
I misunderstood you.
I'm sorry.
Nuannuan...
I thought I'd never
see you again in my life.
I never thought
you'd come back to me.
I'm sorry.
Don't leave me.
Forgive me.
I'll never be that harsh with you again.
That depends on your performance.
Is this okay?
Lin Can...
How did you find me?
We're connected, of course.
We two
are a match made in heaven.
We are soulmates destined for each other.
You're talking nonsense again.
More sweet talk.
Stop, okay, okay.
I'll tell you.
Remember
that new phone
I gave you at the villa?
This is...
for me?
So...
you were spying on me?
It's not spying.
It's caring.
Otherwise you'd still be
moping on that overpass.
Lin Can,
Shen Hao is holding a
press conference tomorrow.
He's going to target your
sexuality and family background.
You need to be prepared.
I'll go with you tomorrow.
They're here, they're here!
Daring to bring her assistant.
The rumors must be true.
Forget about the sexuality thing,
they actually look good together.
Good together?
Even if Lin Can likes girls,
I could live with that,
but this girl is so ordinary.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Are you scared?
At least it's headline news.
Get a shot, get a shot!
Friends from the media,
regarding the recent online controversies
targeting Ms. Lin Can,
the studio has initiated legal
proceedings immediately.
Lin Can has been in the industry for years
and has always respected her profession.
She has been selected as a "Socially
Responsible Artist" for three consecutive years.
These industry recognitions
should not be overturned
by maliciously edited clips.
We don't want to hear PR talk.
Please answer directly:
Is Lin Can's sexual
orientation truly deviant?
Yes, tell us!
Please answer!
Yeah, answer the question!
Answer the question!
Is it that hard?
Lin Can's sexual orientation
is her private matter.
Just as your marital status
doesn't need to be reported to the public.
The fact that you ask such a question today
is not out of concern for the truth,
but to gain a sick sense of superiority
by belittling others.
In my opinion,
your blatant malice
is the real deviance here.
Mr. Shen,
Jiang Wan has gone to
pick up Lin Can's mother as agreed.
She should
be on her way now.
Good.
Take this with you.
What is it?
Why so many questions?
Let's go.
You stink.
We heard your mother is an alcoholic.
Often causing public disturbances.
Is that true?
You're lying!
How dare you kick me out!
Do you know who my daughter is?
Lin Can!
The big star!
She has enough money
to buy your whole shop!
You!
Stop filming!
Get out!
Ms. Lin Can,
yesterday, your mother
was detained again for drunkenness.
She herself claimed that
you are morally corrupt,
a tramp who seduced her stepfather.
Is that true?
How dare you!
What's your evidence?
Look!
Here's the evidence!
There's proof!
Really!
Quick, get a shot!
It's so clear.
So obvious!
Must be true.
Xiao He...
Yes...
Everyone,
I am Lin Can's mother.
Quick, film her!
It's all my fault.
I didn't raise her right.
It's her!
It's you!
You vixen!
You ruined Xiao He!
Had enough of your act?
Let go of me!
Don't overdo it.
Shen Hao just wanted you to play pitiful.
Xiao He...
How many years has it been,
since Mom last saw you?
You've lost weight.
I know...
All these years,
you've always been ashamed
of me.
You've been a star for so long,
but never acknowledged me.
Are you fit to be a mother?
Look at her,
look what you've become.
You never listened since you were little.
Got involved with your stepfather,
and now this.
Who was it
who left me home alone,
letting that beast do those things to me?
Look at her!
This ungrateful daughter
dares to lay hands on her own mother!
Stop the act.
How did you get
those photos?
Xiao He...
Let me explain...
The photos...
I took them myself.
Oh my god!
How could I have
such an unfilial daughter!
You knew what he wanted to do to me.
You left me there alone.
I told you,
you belong only to me.
Let me go!
Let go!
You brat!
Don't blame me.
Blame your useless father!
Xiao He...
How can you
say that about your mom?
Of course I knew
your stepfather had
dirty thoughts about you.
But so what?
I gave birth to you.
Can't you
do something for me?
You unfilial child!
How could you do this to me?
Shen Hao must have paid you well,
for you to put in so much effort.
You're lying!
Sorry, everyone.
For Star Entertainment
to have such an artist
is my responsibility.
Of course I knew
your stepfather had
dirty thoughts about you.
But so what?
I gave birth to you.
It was you!
Couldn't you do something for me?
You all plotted against me!
All of this was Shen Hao colluding
with Lin Can's mother to fabricate lies!
Not only that,
Lin Can's tax issues
were also Shen Hao's doing.
Shen Hao
embezzled company funds for futures trading
and framed Lin Can.
It was also me
who, desperate to compete with Lin Can,
helped Shen Hao to
cover up these transactions.
These are my transaction records with him.
Mr. Shen,
the police are on their way.
You...
Just you wait.
Mr. Shen!
Don't leave!
Where's my money?
Mr. Shen!
My money!
My father
is a criminal.
My mother
is an alcoholic.
My stepfather
tried to assault me.
All of that is true.
And my feelings for her are also true.
Whether you accept it
or not,
none of that matters to me anymore.
Because I have already found
what matters most.
Starting today,
I have decided
to leave the entertainment
industry for good.
For this period,
I apologize for occupying public attention.
Here,
I sincerely apologize to everyone.
Let's go.